Chris Klest here. Ever since I was a kid I've wanted to make my own videogames and now that opportunity has finally arrived. I'm going to start by creating some games in the languages that I already know, namely VBA and Powershell, and then move on to other languages and do the same. I am learning to code as I go, meaning, I did not go to school for programming, but I've spend a decent amount of time just doing it to where I can get some basic things to work. My recently uploaded Cat and Mouse VBA game has shown me how to simulate movement in an Excel spreadsheet. With that, if I wanted to, I could create all sorts of other games, such as turn-based RPG's, to monopoly-style boardgames where you roll dice and move pieces around the board. My hope is that in the next few years that I will develop enough programming skills to where I could either sell my own products or get a job programming. I might do free-lance work along the way.

There is a long list of reasons why I enjoy programming, so I will just say that I enjoy it. What inspired me was the NES game, The Legend of Zelda. I really wanted to make my own maps and dungeons and relocate all of the pieces in that game to extend the exploration phase of the game. I got my first experience with looking at code when I was less than 10 years old when I realized that Microsoft had released the source code of their Q-Basic game, Gorillas. I didn't understand much to any of it and I didn't do much with it, but it was still fascinating to me. Later on, I got a taste of using hex editors which I used to implement my own cheats in PC games. Still later on, maybe in the late 2000's, I started creating .bat and .vb scripts to automate things on my work machine, most namely, creating my own start-up sequences. My most experience with coding is in VBA and came from wanting to automate Excel spreadsheets. To this day, I still use it. Besides my Cat and Mouse VBA game that I just uploaded, the VBA program that I spent the most time programming was a crypto-currency tax calculator and tax form generator that I used to determine the basis of my 2018 taxes. Up until that point, I hadn't spent any extended amount of time programming outside of work. I would come home after working a 10 hour shift and program for another 3-5 hours. During weekends, I would spend a good 6-12 hours a day working on it. There were periods where I took a break, but what I found was that the times when I made the most efficient progress was when I was consistent in doing it everyday. After that, I decided I wanted to begin learning another language, and so I went with Powershell. During downtime at work, I began writing programs, such as a number-to-name active directory query, that was used to find out who was joining our conference bridges when only a number would show up in our caller ID. I also created a program I titled "What the Beep" that made a recuring audible noise when my team had unacknowledged incident tickets or unread emails in our shared Outlook inbox. The most comprehensive program I created in Powershell was my version of the Minesweeper Game. With it, I got a decent exposure to Microsoft forms, multi-threading, creating events, Mutex, and the trials and tribulations of creating logic to solve problems.

Outside of VBA and Powershell, I have a tiny bit of experience with Javascript and Java and I am likely going to continue down the path of Javascript for some time with my Cat Fight JS game that I had started writing. I am not settled on a language yet, but I am leaning on whatever language will allow me to write programs that most people can use. This could be writing Java-based apps on Android phones, creating Javascript-based websites, or creating C++-based games for Windows. I am also interested in creating stock market analysis tools and trading bots.

Anyway, if you have questions about any of the games that I have uploaded, please reach out to me.
